<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                template="emsTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">

    <ui:define name="top">

    </ui:define>


    <ui:define name="right">
        <h:form>



        </h:form>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
        <h1>FAQ and Some commonly asked questions:</h1>
        <h:form>
            Q. How much does it cost for your services?  
            A. Cost is based per client, per event, and is paid upon creation to keep costs at a minimum for our users.
            Q. What happens if I want to cancel my event?  
            A. We ask that you give us notice within 10 business days of the event to cancel your event.
            Q. Who owns the database?  
            A. Our databases are maintained by our team of experts and you can view or print the information from your system.
            Q. Are there any hidden costs? 
            A. No cost is calculated and there are no additional costs for you. 
            Q. What if I need assistance?
            A. You may also request our assistance with updating or importing information or from our staff.
            Q. What kinds of information do you have available?  
            A. We have an extensive library of viewing and recording event details.  We are also able to customize reports for your event if necessary.
            Q. How do I access EMS?  
            A. EMS website can be accessed from any location and any computer.
            Q. Can I import my contacts?   
            A. Yes, we can import your contacts and information if you have a current database.
            Q. Can I customize the program?  
            A. Many of the fields online are entirely dependent on your specific needs and can be customized to suit your event.
        </h:form>

    </ui:define>



</ui:composition>